# 15 Aug 2025

Anke on NQG: "god"

go between with blockscience[^s]

[^s]: restr of team doesnt have comms with blocksicence !

---

comnuntiy funds team is outsourced to "Software Manshion"

lot of open source stuff

nothing immediarelt relevant on https://swmansion.com

---

also got help developming with feedback on structure change ideas from *Enzo and Raph* before the meeting

Slide 6 uses "fall off" wording ot descibe proejcts no recieiving either all ofunds of continuing mainnet development

Slide 7: "build seomtithing and then get paid for it" was glanced over as given

#### points dicussed

- Slide 3: Reviewe deadlines, shared through calendar invites to emails onfile.
- Slide 4:
  -  mentioned looking at "reviewes and refferals" -- TODO BIG next chat we have basis on what r refferal from the perullo letter, citing letter as from 3 years ago 
  -  discussed no v. abstaning: individual delelgation or abstiating was pericevedas too complex from central PoV, supported in ongoing at https://discord.com/channels/897514728459468821/1124340476288454657/1424742836355600509
  -  Kickstart broadly dumped on , but i liked the framing rom Bastian as a PoW

from others: (mostly taco)

- giving  full award upfront was stopped a year ago
- now need to "do & prove funding work"
- Bastian Dash chat --> YC
     (req/ a DC caht)

there was some conenection between them through Tim to a market ing grants

people agree there need to be more funds for operating publicity to all prjecs.

## Dom stoies

had challenge messaging Foundation staff to retweet funded project annoucnemnt comm.fund

More suport needed questions;
- didnt know who to reach out to get SDF help, confsused team on their end
- from gemma i. we have "streamlines communciations offered or acceperted" 
- see Emir transfech interviews - had to reach out in general v. direct lk

and then ethere is teh `#help` story (1k pitch grant) becuase Dom reached out to Emir for potential travel reimusement

q not ans.L: Any internal fOundation docs or processes? 
