Follow-up discussion from TS#23 closing remarks:
3 bad thing mantra: Fraud, theft, and insider trading
Also call into question little to no regulation of filing agent data handling practices which previously lead to breaches of Material Nonpublic Information as exemplified on page 17 thereto.

Central coordination/retrospective Insider Trading:
- Consider how Google lets you remove own porn

“Securities laws… limit the ability of market participants with privileged information, including the management team, from taking advantage of others with less information. In other words, securities are assets where pockets of information exist that are accessible to some people but not to others.”
Chris Dixon

Of importance here is the assumption from investors that “their trading counterparties don’t have material information that might affect the stock price.” Obviously this doesn’t always happen per [example of friend of friend making options trade a day before earnings for 100% of his portfolio lol]

And ref. S7-15-23.jfwooten4.com page xx

As Lemmy post for SEO, end with alignment to mission: “Really what we’re dealing with here are some important definitions of a new capital market system, based on a redefinition of securities trading and settlement without middlemen, via self-custody. Hopefully we can come to a consensus on how much oversight such a system, based on decentralized exchanges, really needs. Should something like TAD3 operate more closely to Bitcoin, India’s Demat, ShapeShift, or something else? Per Section II.V in S7-15-23, I think the answer revolves around removing the profit incentive from investment platforms, enabling a global public good without conflicts of interest. Please let me know what you think below!


Ian & Cara follow-ups, Alok T+5



“You are not a platform until the people who are building on you make more money than you do.”
Shopify Founder/CEO Tobi Lütke